# nvim-config

```
  _____ ___  ____   ___    _     _     _  
 |_   _/ _ \|  _ \ / _ \  | |   (_)___| |_  
   | || | | | | | | | | | | |   | / __| __|  
   | || |_| | |_| | |_| | | |___| \__ \ |_  
   |_| \___/|____/ \___/  |_____|_|___/\__|  
```

look here for alternatives  
    https://neovimcraft.com/  
    https://github.com/rockerBOO/awesome-neovim  
    https://vimawesome.com/  

helpful references  
    https://jdhao.github.io/2021/12/31/using_nvim_after_three_years/  
    https://vonheikemen.github.io/devlog/tools/neovim-plugins-to-get-started/  


## mandatory

- make cursor more visible in insert mode

- sane buffer killing  
https://github.com/moll/vim-bbye  
https://github.com/qpkorr/vim-bufkill

- enable surrounding  
https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround  
https://github.com/machakann/vim-sandwich

- make plugin actions repeatable  
https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat

- autocompletion signature help  
https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-nvim-lsp-signature-help

- add autoformatting & lintig  
https://github.com/jose-elias-alvarez/null-ls.nvim

- add a tagbar  
https://github.com/preservim/tagbar  
https://github.com/liuchengxu/vista.vim

- make quickfix & locations list toggleable  
https://github.com/milkypostman/vim-togglelist

- configure session handling  
https://github.com/tpope/vim-obsession

- add support for spelling

- integrated terminal  
https://github.com/akinsho/toggleterm.nvim  
https://github.com/NvChad/nvterm

- add a persistant scratch pad

- easily run current file / test  
https://github.com/skywind3000/asyncrun.vim

- add visual debugger  
https://github.com/puremourning/vimspector/  
https://github.com/mfussenegger/nvim-dap/

- code folding  
https://github.com/tmhedberg/simpylfold

- add autosaving  
https://github.com/907th/vim-auto-save  
https://github.com/Pocco81/auto-save.nvim

- notifications in floating windows  
https://github.com/rcarriga/nvim-notify  
https://github.com/Konfekt/vim-scratchpad

- command line autocompletion  
https://github.com/gelguy/wilder.nvim

- add a temporary scratch pad  
https://github.com/mtth/scratch.vim

- add icons to nvimtree

- make bufferline prettier / more useful (e.g. ft icons)  
https://github.com/akinsho/bufferline.nvim

- make lualine prettier / more useful  
https://github.com/nvim-lualine/lualine.nvim

- organizational mode  
https://github.com/nvim-orgmode/orgmode  
https://github.com/nvim-neorg/neorg  
https://github.com/vimwiki/vimwiki

- let gx auto open '<user>/<repo>' in github

- properly configure which-key  
https://github.com/folke/which-key.nvim

# optional
- run nvim in firefox  
https://github.com/glacambre/firenvim

- improve in file navigation  
https://github.com/justinmk/vim-sneak  
https://github.com/phaazon/hop.nvim

- checkout if we like neogit more than fugitive  
https://github.com/TimUntersberger/neogit

- add treesitter motions  
https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter-textobjects

- add more text objects  
https://github.com/wellle/targets.vim

- make % laguage specific  
https://github.com/andymass/vim-matchup

- check out how to use gn  
http://vimcasts.org/episodes/operating-on-search-matches-using-gn/

- something with code actions  
https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig/wiki/Code-Actions

- python virtual env support  
https://github.com/jmcantrell/vim-virtualenv

- improve search in buffer ui  
https://github.com/kevinhwang91/nvim-hlslens

- insert unicode characters  
https://github.com/chrisbra/unicode.vim

- autocompletion emojis  
https://github.com/hrsh7th/cmp-emoji

- startup screen  
https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify  
https://github.com/goolord/alpha-nvim

- add markdown preveiw  
https://github.com/iamcco/markdown-preview.nvim

